So, the last little thing
I want to talk about
in this retrospective of what we've
just done in this little library setup
is the things that I referred
to as viral options.
And those are, they're disabled.
So it was sort of scanning for them.
They're these two and this skipLibCheck.
So let me move these cuz,
so they're all together.
These three, I do not like.
So let me explain what they do and
why I feel you don't need them.
AllowSyntheticDefaultImports is all
about CommonJS and ES module interrupt.
So if we had something like this, Let's
say it's a JS file, are we allowing JS?
We're gonna have to turn this on, oops.
So I'm saying, allowJs.
So here if I said function product a and
b, return a*b.
Let's document this nicely.
All right, so
if this were Node, you do this.
And it's not liking this because we'll
tell ES led to Jump in a lake here.
All right, so
we have a CommonJS module here.
Now if we wanted to use this elsewhere
like in our subtract module,
we can go up here.
If we had ES module interrupt
turned on we could do import.
Actually this will work in both cases
So this will be fine, and
there's our method, right?
The type information is coming through,
we're not using it, okay, now we are.
So this is fine, because this is like
a named export, this is where CommonJS and
ES modules agree.
I've got a collection of things and
I'm making them available
to the outside world.
Now, what if we had
a bunch of functions here?
Like, has anyone here, show of hands,
who's used the FS module in Node.js,
like for reading, writing to a file,
a lot of people, great.
So, I might wanna use like
10 things from that module.
I don't wanna import each
of those independently.
Maybe, I don't.
Let's say, I don't.
So, I could grab the whole thing.
As a namespace,
this is called a namespace import.
Now, what ES module interrupt
would have let me do is this,
it would convert this kind of export
as if it were sort of export default.
I would rather not,
in fact consumers of my library, cuz I
have a workaround, it's not that bad.
It's a namespace import, no big deal.
Where things get more interesting is this,
All right, this is really nasty.
My CommonJS module is
exporting one thing but
it's clearly not a namespace,
and you can even see here like
this error message unfortunately is
telling me I must turn this flag on,
or else I must turn it on.
But being a stubborn developer, I'm gonna
ignore that cuz in fact you can do this.
Note that it is not a const declaration.
Actually, I should rename
this at this point,
[LAUGH] Cuz it's not a namespace anymore.
So it's not a const declaration
it's import product = require.
Good luck finding this
in the documentation.
It works, it totally works.
And it's a solution to this
problem that does not require
that I leak this type information
out into consuming apps.
I can insulate them from
this interrupt challenge.
And at least in Node and
most run times this should work just fine.
A little ugliness but
a small price to pay for
making sure you don't expose
other people to these types.
You don't want them having
to turn this flag on.
And an important realization you have
to arrive at in order to understand why
this is important is a type checking.
It is a holistic and global operation.
So your apps types are analyzed along
with all the dependency types and
their dependency types,
everything's all solved at once.
It's almost like a big linear algebra
problem where we're trying to like solve
like a system of equations with
like matrix inversion, right.
Everything is done at once.
So if your library needs to do
weird stuff in order to compile,
it's likely that consumers of the library
will need to do that same weird stuff.
You want to protect them from that.
You do not want to turn this flag on.
If your types only compile when that
flag ES module interrupt is turned on,
everyone who uses your library
will have to do the same and
it just sort of seeps out,
but this is fine.
And yes, I am telling you to take on tech
debt, before anyone asks that question.
This is not something that has
a very clear path forward.
However, I balanced that with the need for
libraries to focus more on compatibility
compared to AppCode, right?
If your library says, I support
all stable versions of Node, well,
you'd better be testing
it against Node 10.
At the time of recording this course,
that's the LTS, the oldest version,
it has to keep working there.
In fact, we'd probably better
build with that version of Node.
That's our most challenging runtime
to maintain compatibility with.
So libraries have to be a bit more
conservative about how eager they
are to adopt new things like
whatever replaces this,
which frankly is gonna be
modules that look like this.
The solution to this is we just
don't use CommonJS anymore,
we use ES modules in Node.
But we're a long way off from that.
There's a lot of CommonJS code out there.
So, what's important is that
you understand how this works.
Now, let me show you
the other side of this.
If we were writing this
in a more modern way,
let's say that this legacy
thing was a TypeScript file.
This will really throw you for a loop.
So, and I'm not showing you this
just like for weird trivia.
This is stuff that hangs up,
cuz it's hang ups is a lot of people like,
how do I deal with this?
How do I type this correctly?
I've answered this question countless
times with helping people at LinkedIn.
So now I've just added types here.
So we've converted this
legacy.js to legacy.ts and
I'm getting like Unsafe member access.
It really just does not like module
here but we can just do this.
Another weird thing that you won't
find in the documentation Export =,
that is the equivalent
of module.exports =.
So I've just taught you
a way to make CommonJS work.
Either exploiting a namespace like you'd
find with FS, in which case this here,
oops, sorry, I'm modifying
the same file in two buffers.
For fs, this is fine.
This is fine, Because it's
a namespace that you're consuming.
It's not just a function in and
of itself, but
occasionally you will end up having to
consume something that is not a namespace.
This is how you type it
in terms of the export.
This is how you consume
it on the other side.
And if, just to come full circle,
if we just done this,
now we can go back to this.
Actually in this case, it's even easier.
Now you can go back to this.
There is my product.
So the only time you get to
that serious weirdness here,
the thing you never seen before,
that is certainly not JavaScript.
It is if you have a CommonJS
module whose single export
is a non-namespace value
like a callable value,
that is the weird, edgy,
it's like a quarter of an edge where
you have to use this weirdness.
Not often, but man, this throws people for
some serious loops if they can't
identify the way to type this properly.